portfolio.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Portfolio
permalink: /portfolio/
description: Check out some of my work.
---

### Posters

[![Wisconsin Wetlands Loss](/assets/img/portfolio/HaydenElza-WetlandsLoss-Preview.png)](/assets/img/portfolio/HaydenElza-WetlandsLoss.png)

[![Corruption in EU](/assets/img/portfolio/HaydenElza-CorruptionInTheEU-Preview.png)](/assets/img/portfolio/HaydenElza-CorruptionInTheEU.png)

### Forestry

[![Heterobasidion Risk Assessment](/assets/img/portfolio/HeterobasidionRiskAssessment-Preview.png)](/assets/img/portfolio/HeterobasidionRiskAssessment-100dpi.png)

<a href="/assets/img/portfolio/Kemp2012_SiteIndex.png"><img src="/assets/img/portfolio/Kemp2012_SiteIndex.png" atl="Kemp Study Area - Site Index" width="362.5" style="float: left; margin-right: 25px;"></a>

<a href="/assets/img/portfolio/GrunowHarvest.jpg"><img src="/assets/img/portfolio/GrunowHarvest.jpg" atl="Grunow Property Management Plan - Harvest Plan" width="312.5" height="470"></a>

### Student Research

[UW Forestry Capstone Project - Grunow Property Management Plan (Fall 2013)](/assets/pdf/Capstone_2013_FinalDraft.pdf)

[Determination of Specific Leaf Areas Among Differing Aspen Genotypes Along a Gradient of Nitrogen Conditions - Umeå University and Sveriges Lantbruksuniversitet (Summer 2013)](/assets/pdf/HaydenElza2013_SpecificLeafAreaNitrogenSWASP.pdf)

Commit message:

Portfolio and Projects changes, Removed contact page
Changed the preview images in portfolio so that they are a big larger to
fill large displays, add Neitzke_Property pdf and png, added Forest
Research Distribution paper to portfolio, added OS Forestry to index
projects in place of harvest map.

portfolio.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Portfolio
permalink: /portfolio/
description: Check out some of my work.
---

## Maps

[![Wisconsin Wetlands Loss](/assets/img/portfolio/HaydenElza-WetlandsLoss-Preview.png)](/assets/img/portfolio/HaydenElza-WetlandsLoss.png)

[![Corruption in EU](/assets/img/portfolio/HaydenElza-CorruptionInTheEU-Preview.png)](/assets/img/portfolio/HaydenElza-CorruptionInTheEU.png)

[![Neitzke Property](/assets/img/portfolio/Neitzke_Property.png)](/assets/img/portfolio/Neitzke_Property.png)

## Forestry

[![Heterobasidion Risk Assessment](/assets/img/portfolio/HeterobasidionRiskAssessment-Preview.png)](/assets/img/portfolio/HeterobasidionRiskAssessment-100dpi.png)

<a href="/assets/img/portfolio/Kemp2012_SiteIndex.png"><img src="/assets/img/portfolio/Kemp2012_SiteIndex.png" atl="Kemp Study Area - Site Index" width="362.5" style="float: left; margin-right: 25px;"></a>

<a href="/assets/img/portfolio/GrunowHarvest.jpg"><img src="/assets/img/portfolio/GrunowHarvest.jpg" atl="Grunow Property Management Plan - Harvest Plan" width="312.5" height="470"></a>

## Student Research

[Spatial Distribution of Forest Research in the Conterminous United States (Spring 2015)](/assets/pdf/Elza_Kochaver_Moriarty_2015-Spatial_Distribution_of Forest_Research.pdf)

[UW Forestry Capstone Project - Grunow Property Management Plan (Fall 2013)](/assets/pdf/Capstone_2013_FinalDraft.pdf)

[Determination of Specific Leaf Areas Among Differing Aspen Genotypes Along a Gradient of Nitrogen Conditions - Umeå University and Sveriges Lantbruksuniversitet (Summer 2013)](/assets/pdf/HaydenElza2013_SpecificLeafAreaNitrogenSWASP.pdf)
